Mir config override sphinx docs (#5077)
canonical/mir: doc/sphinx/explanation/configuration-overrides.md

in a single transaction and optionally reloaded on change.

This pattern lets distributors, site administrators, and users each supply a fragment
without modifying each other's files.

## File discovery and XDG roots

`ConfigFile` accepts either a bare filename or a path.

**Bare filename** (e.g., `"myapp.conf"`): `ConfigFile` searches the following roots in
priority order and uses the highest-priority root that contains the file:

1. `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` (falls back to `$HOME/.config`)
1. Each entry in `$XDG_CONFIG_DIRS` (falls back to `/etc/xdg`)

**Path with a parent directory** (e.g., `/etc/myapp/myapp.conf`): the parent directory
is used as the first root; `$XDG_CONFIG_DIRS` entries are still appended.

Override files are always collected from `<base-filename>.d/` subdirectories under
**every** root, not just the root that provided the base file. Only files whose extension
matches the filter passed to `ConfigFile` are included.

## Override ordering and precedence

1. The base file is loaded first.
1. Override files are collected from all roots and deduplicated by basename: if two roots
   provide a file with the same basename, the higher-priority root's copy is used.

> 1. The resulting set is sorted lexicographically by basename and applied in that order.

Author: I would say there is no need to explicitly mention this. When I read "lexicographical" as a user, I expect `99` to take precedence over `90`.

> 1. The resulting set is sorted lexicographically by basename and applied in that order.

Reviewer: > I expect `99` to take precedence over `90`.

The difference arises when there are differing numbers of digits: lexographically: "5" is after "10" but numerically: 5 is before 10

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: How Mir's ConfigFile resolves XDG directories, orders override files, and merges INI values.

Reviewer: I think this misstates the role of XDG and the role of ConfigFile in merging INI files.

```suggestion
    description: How ConfigFile resolves configuration files, orders override files, and how IniFileWithOverrides merges INI values.
```

| Key absent from all files                 | Handler receives the preset value (if registered with one), otherwise `std::nullopt`.                                                                                                                                          |
| Invalid scalar value                      | Handler receives the preset value (if registered with one), otherwise `std::nullopt`. A later invalid value therefore supersedes any earlier valid value.                                                                      |
| Invalid array entry                       | The invalid entry is ignored (a warning is logged); valid entries in the same file are kept. If **all** entries in a transaction are invalid, the handler receives the preset value (if registered), otherwise `std::nullopt`. |

All attribute handlers fire before `on_done`, and both fire exactly once per `load()`
call.

## Reload model

With `ConfigFile::Mode::reload_on_change`, `ConfigFile` monitors the relevant directories

> via inotify. On any change, it re-evaluates the full file list and calls the

Reviewer: While true if the current implementation, the use of inotify is not part of the contract

```suggestion
With `ConfigFile::Mode::reload_on_change`, `ConfigFile` monitors the relevant directories.
On any change, it re-evaluates the full file list and calls the
```

## Override ordering and precedence

1. The base file is loaded first.
1. Override files are collected from all roots and de-duplicated by base name: if two roots
   provide a file with the same base name, the higher-priority root's copy is used.

> 1. The resulting set is sorted lexicographically by base name and applied in

Reviewer: "basename" is correct. It is a term of art deriving, I imagine, from the `basename` utility.
